docs(readme): comply new policy template INTER-295 (#180)
fingerprintjs/fingerprintjs-pro-cloudflare-worker: README.md

</a>

# Fingerprint Pro Cloudflare worker

[Fingerprint](https://fingerprint.com/) is a device intelligence platform offering 99.5% accurate visitor identification.

Fingerprint Pro Cloudflare Integration is responsible for

- Proxying download requests of the latest Fingerprint Pro JS Agent between your site and Fingerprint CDN.
- Proxying identification requests and responses between your site and Fingerprint Pro's APIs.

> This [improves](https://dev.fingerprint.com/docs/cloudfront-proxy-integration#the-benefits-of-using-the-cloudfront-integration) both accuracy and reliability of visitor identification and bot detection on your site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This [improves](https://dev.fingerprint.com/docs/cloudflare-integration#the-benefits-of-using-the-cloudflare-integration) both accuracy and reliability of visitor identification and bot detection on your site.
```

## Requirements

> ### Usage Requirements
> 
> - Credentials from Cloudflare
>   - [Cloudflare Account ID](https://dev.fingerprint.com/docs/cloudflare-integration#cloudflare-account-id)
>   - [Cloudflare API Token](https://dev.fingerprint.com/docs/cloudflare-integration#cloudflare-api-token)
> - FingerprintPro Account
> 
> By just following the wizard with your credentials it's easy to setup. Please see the [Setup Process](#setup-process) section

Reviewer: @Orkuncakilkaya These are not the requirements listed in the docs. Getting Cloudflare account ID and token is covered in the guide, therefore these are not requirements. Requirements or pre-requisites are "stuff the guide/tool assumes you already have before you start", not "stuff the guide helps you set up".

```suggestion
* [Fingerprint Pro account](https://dashboard.fingerprint.com/signup) with the _Owner_ role assigned.
* A website served by Cloudflare. For maximum accuracy benefits, your website should be [proxied by Cloudflare](https://developers.cloudflare.com/dns/manage-dns-records/reference/proxied-dns-records/) (not DNS-only). 

See the [Cloudflare integration guide](https://dev.fingerprint.com/docs/cloudflare-integration#setup) for more details. 

```

> ## Setup process

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to install
```

> Setup process is simple enough. You just follow a setup wizard and it's ready to use.
> You can find the full documentation at [https://dev.fingerprint.com/docs/cloudflare-integration](https://dev.fingerprint.com/docs/cloudflare-integration).

Reviewer: Tech writing tips: 
* Don't make qualitative statements like "this is simple", that's highly subjective
* Links should have meaningful text, not URLs 

```suggestion
You can install the Cloudflare integration using an [installation wizard](https://dashboard.fingerprint.com/integrations) in the Fingerprint dashboard. 

See the [Cloudflare integration guide](https://dev.fingerprint.com/docs/cloudflare-integration#setup) for more details.
```

# Fingerprint Pro Cloudflare worker
The Cloudflare worker is responsible for delivering the latest fingerprinting client-side logic and proxying identification requests and responses between your site and Fingerprint Pro's APIs.

## Requirements

> This library needs these to be in order to build and run:

Reviewer 2: We need to mention here that the integration backwards-compatibility is provided by Cloudflare, and there are only requirements for local development. We can mention [this field](https://github.com/fingerprintjs/fingerprintjs-pro-cloudflare-worker/blob/rc/wrangler.toml#L6) as well.

Author: Updated with even better, as Juraj Suggested I extended requirements section with two subsections called "Usage Requirements" and "Development Requirements".

> - Node 16 or Node 18

Reviewer 2: I think we should mention Node20 and can even remove Node 16

Author: Done 👍

- Typescript 4
- Playwright (with a headless browser preferably chromium)

> - [Wrangler](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/wrangler/install-and-update/)

Reviewer 2: There are different `wrangler` versions out there, `v1`, `v2` and `v3`. In my case, I started using `v1` and then switched to `v2`, and never tried `v3`. We probably support `v2` and `v3` and not `v1` but need to make sure and mention it here.

Author: We support v3+ I mentioned in the readme

## Setup process
The process consists of two steps. One needs to set up worker creation together with our support at [support@fingerprint.com](mailto:support@fingerprint.com). Afterwards, the Fingerprint Pro JS agent on the site needs to be configured to communicate with the worker.

You can find the full documentation at [https://dev.fingerprint.com/docs/cloudflare-integration](https://dev.fingerprint.com/docs/cloudflare-integration).

## Support

> To report problems, ask questions or provide feedback, please use [Issues](https://github.com/fingerprintjs/fingerprintjs-pro-cloudflare-worker/issues). If you need private support, you can email us at [oss-support@fingerprint.com](mailto:oss-support@fingerprint.com).

Reviewer 2: Is `oss-support@fingerprint.com` the correct email address here?

Author: Yes, according the guideline "Writing DX GitHub Readmes" provided by Juraj at our Notion documents.

# Fingerprint Pro Cloudflare worker

> The Cloudflare worker is responsible for delivering the latest fingerprinting client-side logic and proxying identification requests and responses between your site and Fingerprint Pro's APIs.

Reviewer: Consider aligning the introduction and setup sections with Cloudfront: https://github.com/fingerprintjs/fingerprint-pro-cloudfront-integration 
and Azure https://github.com/fingerprintjs/fingerprint-pro-azure-integration

Author: Updated description

## Requirements

### Usage Requirements

> Please see the [Setup Process](#setup-process) section

Reviewer: The integration actually has a well defined usage requirements defined https://dev.fingerprint.com/docs/cloudflare-integration#setup 

You could briefly list them here and point to the guide for more details

Author: Updated usage requirements

> ### Development Requirements

Reviewer: The information hierarchy is off here, Setup/Getting started is universal and much more important than Development requirements. Consider moving them below or to `contributing.md`

Author: Moved development requirements inside contributing.md file

This library needs these to be in order to build and run:

- Node 20
- Typescript 4+
- Playwright
- [Wrangler](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/wrangler/install-and-update/) v3+

> ## Setup process

Reviewer: * This seems outdated, you don't need to contact support to setup the Cloudflare integration. 
* The Readme should point people to https://dev.fingerprint.com/docs/cloudflare-integration follow the set up guide using the installation wizard.

Author: Updated here
